Previously onOne Dollar...
BUD: Do you ever think about
coming back to the mill?
WALMART: Oh, like, to work? BUD: Yeah.
Been my own boss
for a while now.
Walmart and his brother
traded trucks.
That means we never
actually checked
Walmart's for blood traces.
Oh, and apparently,
Rick Mitchell
was arrested last March.
He was busted
with a guy named
Grady Kovak who used to live in
Braden and worked at Carl Steel.
CHELSEA: I grew up with a liar,
so I'm just done,
you know, being a mark.
CHARLES:
You want to see
if your mother
would like to join us.
I'm not mad
at her anymore.
Rich.
Had to shit myself to get here,
but I'm in.
I had a sister.
What do you mean
you had a sister?
Uh, she's gone now.
JEANNE: When Mia first
came here, she...
She was in terrible shape.Yeah.
Broken jaw.Where is she now?
She died.
Hey, uh, it's Garrett,
um, call me.
What the fuck?
♪
BOY:
Hey, Cooper!
Hey, Markell.
I finally got enough money
for one of your sculptures.
No, you don't.
See?
All right.
What happened to my snake?
Sold it.
It had sparkles.
I told you it would go quick.
Can you take two of the heads
off the dog?
The whole point is that
it has three heads.
I'll give you
three dollars.
They're eight.
I would've given you eight
for the snake.
Fine.
But don't think you're gonna get
this kind of a deal next time.
♪ I'm gonna get the deal
'cause I think positive. ♪
Here's your change.
Thank you.
Always a pleasure doing
business with you.
Thank you.
Markell.
Uh, yes?
Come here.
What did you do?
I gave her the lunch money.
I told you to stop buying
these things from Cooper.
This was your lunch money
for the rest of the week.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Ah... come on.
♪
WILSON:
Uh, you know,
I-I-I'd, uh,
rather do the
Chapter 11 thing.
Do you know what that means?
Of course. No, but they
say it on TV all the time.
"Chapter 11, Chapter 11."
I think it seems better than...It's reorganization.
It's you still
staying in business.
Chapter 7 is our
only way out of this.
What am I gonna do, though?
I don't know how to do anything.
TY:
Uh, Mr. Furlbee,
I'm gonna head
home unless
there's anything else
that you need from me...
No, no, no, hey, we're all good.
Thanks, Ty.
All right, I'll see
you guys tomorrow.
WILSON :
No, no.
Not until tomorrow,
until tomorrow.
Today.
No, no.
I promise you.
You said that yesterday.
Please, please.Do it today, just
go ahead and do it.
You got to... Go.
Hey, Ty, uh,
hold on just...Hey.
Uh, just one second.
I want to, uh,
have a chat.
Sure.
WILSON:
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey.Yeah, I want to talk to you
just for a minute.
Yeah.
Uh, hey, uh...
well, you've been doing
an outstanding job, really,
just, you know, top of the...
top of the line. I, uh...
We're gonna be doing some,
um...
restructuring here,
so we're, uh, you know, uh...
I'm, uh...
I'm gonna have to, uh,
I have to let you go, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, and
I'm sorry...
What?No, I'm sorry.
It's... I wish I...
I wish that wasn't
the way, but it's...
but, you know.
You-you...
I-I-I put off grad school
to be here and to work for you.
: I know, but Sandy's
really forcing my hand here,
so I-I really get it. I do.
You get it?
Out of my hands. Yeah.
What?
I-I'm sure that Dannie, she had
nothing to do with this, right?
What would Dannie...I...
What would Dannie have
to do with this
No, no. No.
Nothing to do
with... Ty.
Hey, what-what happened
between Ty
and Dannie?
I have no idea.
God... everything
just burned to the ground.
FAMILY:
♪ Happy birthday
♪ Dear Dante
♪ Happy birthday to you
♪ And you look like
a monkey's butt ♪
♪ And you smell like one, too.
Hey.
Hey. That's your father.
That's enough, Markell.
Happy birthday, son.Thank you, Dad.
What did you wish for, Dad?
He can't say,
or it won't come true.
Did you wish for
a seven
I would wish
for a seven-room house.
Nobody needs a seven-room house.
You know what your mama
would wish for
if she were here, don't you?
For you to go to church.
Oh, mercy. Dad,
can't you just let it be?
You remember when I turned 40?
I was working two jobs.
Had you in a big house.
Car when you was 16.
LAILA: Okay, okay.And what happened, Dad?
Now you in my house,
and what do you think that's
got to do with the church?
I'm just saying.
Maybe a little prayer
would help you out
with some of these plans
you have for yourself.
Hey.
Yeah, come on in.
Hello?
How you doing?
Hey.
I've, uh...
I've owed you a call.
Yeah, you owed me a call
a week ago.
What happened
to your face?
Took a fall.
Hey, it's not really a good time
to talk about this stuff,
so, you know.
What... what
I'm... Look, I-I didn't
come here to press anything.
I'm-I'm just trying to figure
out why you've been avoiding me.
Oh, I'm not avoiding you. No.Really?
I thought we were
having a good time.
I mean, I haven't
even heard from you.
Where have you been?
I know.
Have you been working?
What have you been doing?
Yeah, I've been working,
I've been working, all right?
Got it.
All right, well...
Um, I just want you
to know that you can
talk to me if-if you want to.Right.
Right, okay.
Cool, thanks.
Look, I've been
where you are right now.
I know how it feels
to run away when...
Oh, is that why you moved here?
Some guy broke your heart, huh?
Some dude back in Philly?No.
I moved here because
I was the one running away.
And I see that that's
what you're doing.
Look, I'm not gonna chase you,
and it's... it's pretty clear
that you have
some shit going on.
So if you want this
to be a thing,
call me when you're done.
:
Oh, man.
♪
LAILA:
Are you okay?
You've been somewhere
else all night.
I'm really
proud of you.
For what?
For not murdering
your father tonight.
That man knows
how to push my buttons.
Course he does.
He made the buttons.
Talking about a big house, car.
I worked for that car, too.
And where's his money now, hmm?
Who's paying to feed him?You're right.
But he did do the same thing
for you way back when.
Kids don't know to be grateful.
He's 70 years old.
You see that bill we got
for his in
$4,000.
Who has to pay that?
We'll find a way.How, baby?
By not paying
the heat and air, which are
about to be cut off anyway?
And that car needs a new...
So ask for the
extra hours.
It ain't gonna be enough.
I'm gonna look
into a second job.
Let me get a second
job for a while.
Go to junior
college.
There aren't those kind
of jobs out there.
Baby,
you got a bad case of "what's
the fucking point" right now.
Okay, but what is
the fucking point right now?
We'll get through this.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, that goddamn dog.
Come on.
Ribeye, Ribeye!
Ribeye, get inside the...
Ribeye.
Ribeye, get. Get in there.
♪
GARRETT: Are you finding
me some treasures?
Yeah.
Oh, whoa,
look over there.
There's a cool rock.
Look at this thing.
Hey, Garrett.
Oh, hey,
Mrs. Crabtree.
Hi.
DANNIE :
Hey, this is Dannie.
Can't come
to the phone right now.
You know what to do.
MRS. CRABTREE: Oh, there's
that sweet little lamb chop.
Oh, my.
She gets cuter
every minute.
What are we gonna do if you
get any cuter, Miss Priss?
Hmm?Hey, uh, Mrs. Crabtree.
Uh, y-you wouldn't, by any
chance, be able to, like,
watch her right now
just for a little bit?
I-I got to go see about
a friend of mine.
Oh, my goodness.
I thought I did something wrong
the last time.
Oh, no.Of course. Oh, you know how much
I love this girl.
GARRETT: I really
appreciate it.
Where is your friend?
Uh...
I don't know.
Hey, I-I'm gonna go, uh,
bring out her stuff to you,
and I'll be...
I'll be right back.
♪
Hey, Pop.
Hey, Dante.
How was your birthday?It was good.
It was good.
That little bonus
you slipped into my locker,
that was really nice of you
to remember.
Get yourself something nice.
I remember 40.
It hit you yet?
Yeah, I think it's
hitting me pretty good.
I feel like...
Everything just feels
really heavy all of a sudden.
You know?
I do know.
And I don't want it
to be like that.
You ever feel like...
like you're carrying
all these things in your life?
Like... like you're
carrying them...
...like they're resentments?
I definitely understand.
I'm sorry, Pop.
You're always so good at
talking to us about our lives.
Come on, Dante.
You can talk to me anytime.
I'm honored.
I'm just saying my wife
and my son and my father...
My dad moved in
with his dog, you know,
after my mom died.I do remember that.
And they're the best things
in my life, and...
I don't want to resent them.
Because the truth is,
it's not them, right?
It's me. It's me.
There's something going on
inside me that's making me
see the world in a way
that I don't want to see it.
How can I help?
So, with all these
new people coming in,
I was just wondering
if there was a way
for me to move on towards...
...something where
I can advance.
You mean make more money?
Yeah. That, but also...
I never had, like,
a five
Like, a path towards
being a foreman
or a supervisor.
And I'm not saying
I should be one now,
but... I just mean a path.
Well, um, things keep going
in the right direction,
a foreman-type situation
might open up,
uh, you know, pretty soon.
For real?It'll be a few months.
We're gonna need
to hit some marks,
but, uh, yeah-- yeah, in
plates, matter of fact.
I really appreciate that, Pop.
Anything you need
in the meantime,
don't hesitate,
all right?
See this right here?
This is what we're doing
out here today
'cause of you.
Oh, real mature.
Last known address
seven years ago,
but we're out here
today in the rain
'cause you had to go
and be a hero.
Good morning, sir.Good morning, Sir.
Is your jail dry? If so,
you can lock me up right now.
Years ago, this man
lived two houses down.
His name is Grady Kovak.
Do you know him?
Doesn't live there anymore.
No, sir. We know.
We're just checking to see
if you might've seen him.
But he does come to stay
with that son of a bitch
down there
every so often.
"That son of a bitch"?Yeah.
That, uh, shitty
brown roof, see?
CHEWY: Oh, yeah. Uh, when was
the last time you saw him?
Oh, I don't know.
About three
weeks ago, yeah.
That house over there?
But be warned.
He's a crotchety bastard.
Thanks for the warning, sir.
We'll keep our eyes open.
ROOK:
Have a good day.
WALSH:
Hold on a minute.
Should we do this? Or should
we talk to the chief first or...
Well, I'll be damned.
What?
Mr. Walsh, right?
Yeah, that's right.You work at Carl Steel?
Well, I do
until my scratch-offs hit.
Wh
So you know him?Yeah, he stays
on my couch sometimes
when he's in town.
Mr. Kovak's blood was
confirmed as one of the seven.
Oh, Jesus.
Any, any idea
what happened to him?
You didn't notice
he was missing?
He's been "missing" for years.
He's one of those--
what you call it-- nomadics.
You know, Alaska, Texas, Oregon.
You know, he's come back here
from damn near everywhere
over the years.
When was the last time
you saw him?
Uh, I guess it had to be
that night before,
you know, before the...
shit hit the fan.
He was on your couch
the night before the murders?
Yeah.
Did he tell you he was in town
with Rick Mitchell?
Did he say he'd been staying
in Youngstown with Rick?
We talk pussy and football.
I don't know anything
about the guy's life.
Well, where were you
the night of the murders?
The French Riviera.
I was here.
Where do yinz think I was?
Were you alone?
My wife was visiting
her mother. Why?
CHEWY:
'Cause, far as we know,
you're the last person
who saw Grady Kovak alive.
He was gone
by the time I got up.
Don't go anywhere. We're gonna
want to talk to you again.
Oh, Ms. Ashworth.
Oh, hello, um...
Charles.
Oh, Charles, of course.
I'm so sorry.
Don't apologize.
I-I was hoping we could work
on your biography a little bit?
Oh, you want to know about me?
We've been
working on it every day.
And yesterday,
we left off where...
...you were about to take over
your father's business.
Oh. Oh, yes.
Yes, I
Hi.Ah!
:
Cupcake.
What a surprise.
This is Ms. Ashworth.
Ms. Ashworth, this is
my daughter Chelsea.
Oh, she's lovely.
How long have you been married?
Gross.
We're gonna go to my room
and talk a bit.
I'll come
and meet up with you later?
Oh, okay.
It's lovely to
meet you both.
Really nice
to meet you.
So what is that, Dad?
Ah, it's just a little drill
for us to help us
with our memories.
Writing down our stories.
:
Ms. Ashworth, she has...
a little difficulty sometimes.
You're making friends,
you're making girlfriends.
That's good.
I'm proud of you, Dad.
RICH:
Wyler.
Hey, Rich.
What are you doing here?
Chelsea, I came to see your dad.
Oh, I thought you guys
hadn't spoken in years.
I-I, uh, I heard he
wasn't doing so good,
so I-I really thought
I should come see him.
Yeah.Hey, Mr. Buchanan.
CHELSEA:
I swore you out of my life.
I swear to God, I wish
I would've just stuck to that.
Honey. Cupcake...No, just
Cut the shit right now.
The conversation that we had
in here, about Mom,
when you were pretending
that Uncle Rich was dead.
RICH: What?That was part
of the grift.
And the grift was on me.
RICH:
No, Ch-Chel, come on, now.
I would've brought you in,
but apparently I was dead.
Honey, it wasn't on you.
What's the con?It...
Look, you're gonna
tell me the con,
or I'm gonna go to the cops.
M-Ms. Ashworth.
Oh, Dad.
Ms. Asworth
inherited a company.
She made it profitable,
and then her sons
took the company away from her,
forced her out.
Then they put her in here
as soon as her mind
started to go, but...
she still has somewhere between
six and ten million dollars
in Krugerrands
that she hid,
but nobody knows where,
including her.
That's why you refused
every place till we got here.
Yeah. Yeah.Right.
And that's what the memory
journaling was?
Yeah.
RICH:
I met her son.
I was doing a stint
in a white-collar prison
in Upstate New York.
Said it's been bugging him
for years.
Of course.
RICH:
Of course. But...
Hey, you remember, uh,
when you used to say
that everything was leading
to the big score?
You know, that everything
we were doing was just building,
building and building
to the big one.
And...
and that we would be able
to just, like,
hang it up one day and...
...that we would move
to a foreign country together.
You remember?
Uh-huh.
Look where you are, I mean,
you're in fucking
Western Pennsylvania
in a nursing home,
it's pretty...
Petty fucking thieves.
Pop.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
WALMART: I don't suppose you
remember our conversation
at the gas station?
About maybe having a job for me?
Really
Well, it's not exactly
a "want to" situation,
but...Oh. What,
you got a woman now,
or something?Fuck no, man.
There's enough weird shit on the
Internet, I don't need no woman.
No, Chief Trask made it
pretty clear
my previous occupation
is obsolete.
We can find you a spot.Thanks, man.
Hey. Full disclosure, though,
I'm just doing this shit
till I can fake an injury
and get disability.
BUD: Come here, you
crazy son of a bitch.
WALMART:
Thank you, Pop.
Come on,
let's get your paperwork.
TERRI:
Hey.
I'm going on break.
You got a buck for the machine?
I can pay you back tomorrow?Yeah, of course.
JONNO:
You hear that shit?
Walmart's coming back.
Wait, what?
Walmart's back in town?
Yeah, he's coming
back to work.
Is he gonna work on the floor?
Nah. He used to be
a plate foreman.
I'm sure Pop will
put him back on that.
Hold on, Terri,
I'll come with you.
Hey, uh, i-is this
like a
No, this is a country club.
Uh, yeah, but y-you guys, like,
do dinners here, too?
You got something
called a Regent's Dinner?
I mean, yeah,
but that was, like,
a couple weeks ago, though.
I mean, if you're
looking for a job,
there's applications
at the men's grill.
Hey, uh...
Uh, y-- do you know a-a Dannie
Gardner, by any chance?
Uh, there's a Julie Gardner
that's a member here.
Is it her brother?
Uh, no. It's Dannie--
it's like a, it's like a girl.
Um, like, Danielle?
Dannie Furlbee, maybe.
That... here-- let me show you.
Come here.
Her dad's that real estate guy
from those stupid billboards?
Thanks.
Yeah.
Rand?
♪
Hmm.
Motherfucker.
Hey, goddamn it! Ribeye.
Ribeye.
Damn dog.
Yeah.
["I Learned My Lesson"
by Willie Davis playing]
♪ I remember...
Look, I need you
to stop apologizing.
But I'm responsible
for Trask
hating you again.
Look, you got to understand,
it goes in cycles.
Me and Trask hating each other
is like the seasons.
But why?
I don't know.
It's just the way it is.
Oh, so you want it that way?
No, I don't want it
that way.
You do... though.
You like your anger more than
you like anything changing.
Talk to me in five years.
I was a black cop
in a white police department.
You are a black cop
But why are you so
mad about it, though?
Like, if you know it's that way
and it's never gonna change,
how can you continue to be so
disappointed in it all the time?
I'm a cynic.
You wish you
could be a cynic.
What you are is an idealist
with a broken heart.
You keep expecting things
to change overnight,
and every morning you wake up,
and things aren't all fixed,
and you decide the only thing
to do is set the world on fire
and yell at everybody
for not being better.
And what would you have me do?
Being angry isn't enough.
What I would have
you do is look around
and see one little thing
that's not working
and make one little
thing better.
Then make the next
little thing better.
I mean, yeah, right now,
I'm a black cop in a
white police department,
but one day I'm gonna
be a black police chief
in a black police
department.
But this idea that
it never should have been
broken in the first place...
I mean, it is.
So get over yourself.
How dare you talk
to me like that.
Little smart-ass kid, you
need to respect your elders.
♪ Oh, we get down and fight
♪ Oh, baby
♪ Late one afternoon
♪ Late one afternoon.♪
Hey.
Can I help you?
What can I do for you?
I'm supposed to do some yard
work, uh, with the Furlbees.
I think
they gave me the wrong address?
So, you don't have a phone
number or anything like that?
Yeah, they're
not picking up.
Right.
They're out on Hunter Lane.
Think it's number 16.
DANNIE:
Yeah.
Hey, uh, sweetie.
What are you, uh...?
What's, uh...
What are you doing?
Packing for school.
Oh. Oh, okay, that's right.
That's right.
That's good.
Hey, your mom
and I were thinking
we all go out to dinner tonight,
have a little talk.
Not really sure what
my plans are yet, so...
I don't know.
Can we just talk here?Sure, we could.
It's just that, uh, well, you
know, the business is changing.
And, uh, we thought
that it would be
a, a
Dad.
Well, I...
Wh
♪
Yeah.
Is Dannie here?
Well, can I tell her
who's asking for her?
Garrett... Drimmer.
Ah. Uh, Dannie?
Dannie!
What?
You want to invite
your friend,
uh, inside?
What the hell are you doing
at my house?
You-You're pretty hard
to find considering
you lied to me
about your name.
But you-you really needed
a
What the fuck?
Really don't think you're one to
be talking about lies right now.
Yeah, I-I-I
remember you now
from that night at the pool
with-with your boyfriend.
So tell me.
Did you... did you...
did you beat
the shit out of him before
or after you killed
seven people?
Oh, my God.
I'm calling
the fucking cops.
Hey, hey, just-just
wait a second!Whoa! Whoa! Stop!
You don't fucking
understand, okay?
I didn't, I didn't, I didn't,
I didn't kill anybody.
What'd you do to your wife?
What are you...?
I don't have a fucking wife.
Bullshit.
I went to Mercy Seat.What?
I know
you broke your wife's jaw.
Oh, my God.
Fuck, Dannie.
Dannie, that was my fucking...
That's my fucking sister!
Man, you-you-you really need
to know the truth so bad?
I had a fucked-up sister who had
a baby with her junkie husband.
Okay? He's-he's
the one who-who...
who broke her fucking jaw.
Carrie's my niece.
Why did you lie to me?
Wanted to know, um...
who you were,
if you had anything to do
with that stuff at the mill.
So, when you came
to the door asking
if I was there
for the babysitting thing,
it was easy to go along with.
Were we just all, like,
just bullshit to you?
I wouldn't have stayed
if I really thought
you had anything to do with it.
Then what-what do...
what do you believe?
I don't fucking know.
What are you doing?
No, I don't want
your money.
No.
W-We got to be square,
because I don't...
I don't think we should
ever see each other again.
Who was that
Jake Noveer.
Leave a message.
Hey, uh, Mr. Noveer,
this is Tyler Bennett.
Um, I remembered
some new information
about that night
that you should probably know.
♪
You'd be a batch operator.
You test the batches, check
'em for the right sequence,
document that.
Then you keep up with our,
uh, inventory of aggregates.
Of course, we'd need a couple
days for training and that,
you know, before we give you
an official start date.
How many hours you
getting over there?
They moved me up to 40 recently,
but that won't interfere
with my nights here.
You want to work 40
hours during the day
and then come over here
and work 40 hours at night?
When are yinz gonna sleep?
Well, I can handle it
for a while.
Man, I just need
to get caught up.
Plus, if there's
more opportunity here,
then I can make
that transition.
Look, you fall asleep
and have a spill,
that's too dangerous,
Dante, I can't do that.
I know this guy.
Oh, yeah?
He works at Carl Steel.
Okay. He hopped the fence
and attacked me in the
middle of the night.
Right over there
by where it happened?
Yeah.
Know his name?
No.
So it wasn't
a four-wheeler accident.
It wasn't that you
and the Furlbee girl
got your signals crossed.
No.
I'm sorry we lied to you.
I'm working for...
Uh... I wasworking for her dad.
So we weren't supposed
to be out there.
So why you coming to me now,
changing your story?
Because I didn't know
who it was before.
You got experience
with the torches?
I was hoping for some
opportunities for advancement.
Uh, we start everybody as a
cutter unless you're a driver.
You don't happen
to be a driver?
What about crane work?
Anything open there?
Cranes are full right now.
We would normally have openings,
but with the tariff stuff,
China's taking less
of our scrap.
I guess it's good for your boy
Bud Carl, though.
I mean, we could train you up
for something
if you were able to be here
during the day.
I kind of have to be at night.
Yeah, not much chance
for advancement at night.
I'd like to find a way
for this to work out, though.
I like you.
You don't talk much,
and that's one of my favorite
qualities in people.
Hey.
Racetrack savant?
What?
I, uh... I found some checks,
which made me curious,
so I started snooping.
I thought,
"Now, what kind of man
has bug-out bags placed in three
different spots in his house?"
And then I realized...
"Every man I've ever known."
You're gonna have to stay there.
So, what do you want?
Well, why don't we start
with who are you?
Randall Abatsy?
Or...
are you Ronald Israel Ealy?
August Ray Bellflower?
Maybe you are
Antwuan Carlos Fraley.
You gonna turn me in?
You know, you think
that I'm just a nice girl.
I'm not pissed
'cause you're
an immoral person.
I'm pissed because you treated
me like the mark.
And I told you that I'm not
the fucking mark.You're not the fucking mark.
So my question is...
I need you to stay down there.
I already told you.
Who are you?
You know,
I couldn't figure out the con.
Then I found your lease
for your Akron place.
Under a different name,
of course.
Just very lavish.
I also found this list
of Akron investors.
And, just...
I don't know, it made me sad,
'cause they all lost.
But I think I figured it out.
What'd you figure out?
So you set up shop
in two nearby towns.
Right? You throw parties,
you pretend to be
a rich investor.
Hey.
I'm a very rich investor.Okay.
You pick a risky stock
to go up in one,
and the same stock to go down
in the other.
The people whose money you've
lost, you just, you split town.
But the people
who you've made money for,
you get them to invest a lot
more in the next thing.
And then you split town
with their money.
"Racetrack savant."
I mean, oldest one in the book.
S-So how do you know
the names of cons
I've never even heard of?
'Cause I saw my dad
at the racetrack.
I mean, I've been watching
since I was, like, six.
You know, sometimes
it was the difference
between me eating dinner or not,
but I-I never cared
about dinner.
I was just pissed
he never let me do it.
You want in?
Yeah.
♪
[camera beeping,
shutter clicking]
GARRETT: Yeah
CARRIE: Yeah.Yeah.
Don't worry, we'll find someone
new to play with, okay?
Hey, I'm gonna go take
a shower real quick, okay?
Yeah.
♪
ETTA:
We like the idea
of a God made flesh.
But what if we think of God
as a relationship?
Because when I see individuals
in the world
turning towards one another
instead of away,
that is where I see God.
WOMAN:
Amen.
ETTA: Now, I've done a lot
of funerals over the years.
And families always want
to list the accomplishments
of the deceased.
And accomplishments are nice.
The problem comes
when our accomplishments
don't feel like enough.
What if we lose our jobs?
The jobs we work hard for.
When we lose our jobs,
we lose everything.
So I'm happy to list
Bernard's accomplishments,
but what if...
we talked about how he loved?
How much more important
is who we love?
Turn to page 333.
♪ Deep
♪ River
♪ My home is
♪ Over Jordan
♪ Deep
♪ River
♪ I want to cross over
♪ Into campground
♪ Don't you want
♪ To go
♪ To the gospel
♪ Feast
♪ That promised
♪ Land
♪ Where all
♪ Is peace
♪ Oh
♪ Deep
♪ River
♪ I want to cross over into
♪ Campground.
[toy squealing,
Carrie chattering]
Hey. Hey.
Look at that.
What is that?
:
Got a little puppy...
Puppy... puppy.
Nice little
puppy there.
Play with the little
puppy, all right?
Okay.
What are you doing?
Puppy.
Are you hungry?
Yeah.
Hey, baby.
Hey.
Sorry I'm late.
Mwah.I saved you a plate
in the oven.
All right,
thank you, baby.
Hi, Daddy.Hey.
Wait. Hug first.
Now a kiss.I love you.
I love you, too.
Do I get a kiss, too?
Come on, man.
I love you, Dad.
There you go.
♪
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org